src/A2/ScreenRecording.md, before:

# Recording Creative Demos:

For some of the creative submissions (particularly those with interactive components) we will ask you to record a video demonstration of whatever features you implement. You are welcome to use your own preferred setup to create this demo video, but for your convenience we provide some suggestions below. OBS is a cross-platform option that is free flexible and seems to work well in practice.

### Other Options to Consider:
- On newish macs there is [built-in support for screen recording](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208721) 
- [CleanShotX](https://cleanshot.com/) for osx is quite nice, but not free
- You can apparently [use a gamebar feature on PC's](https://www.pcmag.com/how-to/how-to-record-the-screen-on-your-windows-pc-or-mac) to record your screen.

## Using OBS
You can download and install [OBS Studio from their website](https://obsproject.com/). There are tons of tutorials online about how to use it. [This was the top result when I typed "screen recording OBS" into Google...](https://photography.tutsplus.com/tutorials/obs-for-screen-recording-quick-start--cms-28549)...

Commit message:

added nvidia shadowplay to recording options

src/A2/ScreenRecording.md, after:

# Recording Creative Demos:

For some of the creative submissions (particularly those with interactive components) we will ask you to record a video demonstration of whatever features you implement. You are welcome to use your own preferred setup to create this demo video, but for your convenience we provide some suggestions below. OBS is a cross-platform option that is free flexible and seems to work well in practice.

### Other Options to Consider:
- On newish macs there is [built-in support for screen recording](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208721) 
- [CleanShotX](https://cleanshot.com/) for osx is quite nice, but not free
- You can apparently [use a gamebar feature on PC's](https://www.pcmag.com/how-to/how-to-record-the-screen-on-your-windows-pc-or-mac) to record your screen.
- If you have a Nvidia graphics card that supports [Nvidia ShadowPlay](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/geforce/geforce-experience/shadowplay/), you can't use that to record as well. [Tutorial](https://www.howtogeek.com/259573/how-to-record-your-pc-gameplay-with-nvidia-shadowplay/)

## Using OBS
You can download and install [OBS Studio from their website](https://obsproject.com/). There are tons of tutorials online about how to use it. [This was the top result when I typed "screen recording OBS" into Google...](https://photography.tutsplus.com/tutorials/obs-for-screen-recording-quick-start--cms-28549)...
